Hmm
Only those who are fine with the above content will be slow
Now me
ani
you a
ni
Lie down a
Take the sea ni
Let's raise a fist Utsuki
ni
wh
ani
uh
Just before opening collection no c frame
If you try to make something c 4 nights or something or something is half-hearted
Let's do Burberry for the time being
Hmm
There Kkeee little Ah Ah that say applications do not know me six that you made Nante previous test
Yoee that a little later than last time because but was doing outside
Stage name of Cham come to the zombie that was defeated in the recording outside the Shah now long l card comes out is Re-listed
The
Even back already able to say to you I have no story is the guard search was wondering To by chance
The good thing is that even if I wear Mr. Yul , the destination is still unsearched because it is only a little
Can not say
If I encounter another ruler, I would like Yufu to test the prefecture 's sharpness later
I 'm sorry you didn't like it and the screen was a little different from the previous one
I think, but I also thought part 1 looks a bit better looking and stretches with resizing
It was not'm heavy Suggee process Well then from this time on the screen of like this
I will go
Please understand the cut until there is progress
Reformer has changed unusually bad trader well
It's normal but it doesn't forgive you , but here is the customer who can only go by hit & away
Do you have a tactics ?
For the time being, I finished defeating and finally did not drop me - Well then Normal and Hard
Then I'll double the speed until it 's morning that there is a difference other than the difficulty level
Be careful good easy man
1 c 3
aname
ni
Winner
can
aname
It may be so
I think I'm going to make a proper entrance I'd better make a bed earlier than that
Or no Well due Toka it because it is white wool will also go to the thicker and later I think Un'n'o
Porridge
Could I do bed collection wool collection last time what is interesting about the image of driving a sheep
Shut up and shut down the entrance to the temporary base .
There is no reason why food security is not enough. Food gauge
Attention
I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying I'm dying now I have no food but I'm relieved
The Reimu Tomb is not that kind of problem that I'm going to make, I guess we're here even though I 'm dead
Or Ne at the end exactly the problem is not a problem Nde
As soon as my strength declines, I will reach here too
This time Yara that happens now lost undetermined do it I'm the ends When Minna Thank you chair this to
What do Win
I've got all my luggage in the chest and I can't take backup of my child's memory
It's getting funny until I'm ready
There something long er roast both of whom often ze something I do not know well, but was saved I not die this
to be continued